			 CribMatch
What type of project will you work on? Will it be a web app, mobile app, or something else?  What will your project do?
	CribMatch will be a mobile app designed to assist people looking to find roommates 
    with similar lifestyles, living habits, and goals for living arrangements. CribMatch 
    will function similarly to social media applications such as Instagram or FaceBook. Users 
    will have a profile that includes a bio, price range, preferences, living habits, etc. 
    The app will also use a similar function to Tinder in that users will be matched based on what
    they list in their profile. For example, a user who lists that they wake up at 8am would be less
    likely to match with someone who wakes up at 11am. The goal of this project is to streamline the 
    process of finding a roommate by displaying clear and thorough descriptions of what people are
    seeking when making living arrangements. Users will have the ability to scroll and examine other
    profiles to see whether or not they fit what they are looking for. Users can then DM whomever they
    are interested in rooming with and exchange contact info, arrange meet-ups, disclose lease information,
    etc. If a user already has a lease agreement in place, they can search for other users that fit the
    requirements of the lease. For example, someone can list their price range on their profile. Another
    user can go to the search tab and filter out users who do not fit the price range on their lease.
    CribMatch can also be used to match people planning on living in dorms on college campuses. Users
    can list their college, preferred dorm, year, etc. alongside their living habits. 

Why did you choose to work on this project? What motivates you to choose this topic?
    We chose to work on this project because we are currently struggling to find a roommate! For
    the past three months, we have been working incredibly hard to find a lease for the upcoming school year.
    Fortunately for us, we were able to find a cozy crib to call home, but things took a turn for the worse
    when our third roommate decided he wanted to study abroad in the spring! Oh crap! We needed to find a third
    roommate for the fall semester ASAP! What do we do? Who do we ask? The 2027 UNC student Snapchat story? Absolutely
    not! We need a different solution… We need an App!

Who is the target audience of this app? Be specific about the demographic (age / occupation), the type of devices they might use (computer, Apple phone, smartwatch, etc).
    The target audience for CribMatch is young college students who are actively looking for roommates. We want
    to target a younger generation by using a modern structure for our app. Making the app function similarly
    to a dating app would make the roommate search more enjoyable for individuals, which may lead to a younger
    demographic populating our app. As college students, we understand how stressful the roommate search process 
    can be, so we are making it our goal to develop an app specifically designed to help those like us who are in
    need of a new house buddy. Our target demographic uses cell phones frequently in their daily lives, so we 
    decided it would be best to develop an app, as this would capitalize on the target demographic’s attention 
    span best. We also would like to encourage non-college students to use our app. Since our app has a somewhat 
    trendy design, we wouldn’t expect older individuals to use our app, but we would still make accommodations for 
    all age demographics nonetheless. This app would not target those looking for romantic partners as roommates. Our 
    goal would be to bring those together who are looking for platonic friends to share a wonderful living space with.

What problem does your project hope to tackle? How will your final product help to solve this problem? How will the target audience you specified above benefit from your app?
	Searching for a roommate can be extremely difficult for a plethora of reasons. There are often many deal breakers, 
    caveats, intricacies in agreements, etc. that require long conversation and planning between people to figure out. 
    The goal of CribMatch is to list all of these different complications in finding a roommate on the frontend making 
    it easier on people to find and plan roommate agreements. Many people are forced into situations such as having a 
    random roommate that can end poorly. Oftentimes, people don’t realize they aren’t compatible until it is too late 
    to switch. We here at CribMatch believe in the importance of suitable and agreeable living situations. In today’s 
    economy, it’s tough to afford housing of your own and many people seek roommates to assist in paying for housing. 
    The reality of it is, a majority of the youth will need to live with roommates for the foreseeable future. Therefore, 
    searching and learning about potential housing and roommate situations has never been more critical. We seek to make this 
    often difficult process easier and more accessible to those struggling to find a roommate. College students and graduates 
    will likely need this app for the reasons listed above. Making the roommate search process easier will put less stress on 
    those trying to find housing in an already lacking market.

Identify the programming language(s) you will need to learn in order to work on this project. Provide a link to the official documentation for this programming language. Also, please provide 3 free, easy-to-access resources that you can use to learn this programming language.
	The main programming languages we would use would be Swift, Java, and Koltin. Swift is primarily used for IOS app development, 
    while Java and Koltin are used for Android app development.

Swift Tutorial - https://developer.apple.com/tutorials/develop-in-swift/welcome-to- develop-in-swift-tutorials

Java Tutorial - https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/java-tutorial/

Koltin Tutorial - https://developer.android.com/courses/android-basics-compose/unit-1

Identify the tools, frameworks, etc. you might need to learn in order to work on this project. Please provide a link to each.
React Native - https://reactnative.dev/